hello my name is kaylee and i wanted to
make a video on what i've been doing it
my hair lately
hopefully I'll help some of you ooh here
comes my cat say hello hi Kyra okay um
so for starters I'll start with when I
wash my hair with everyday I bleached my
hair last year um I think November and
it's like now March maybe before
November I'm not sure but yeah my new
year's resolution was to never not dye
my hair for 2013 let it grow out and
hopefully repair some of my damage it
hasn't really grown much maybe like an
inch max since I got a haircut like a
year ago
um most of its probably broke off so
I've only wanted to do something about
it and I've tried a lot of products so I
thought I'd just show you share with you
what I've been using and what I liked
about it but I don't think about it
so yeah um I've been using these chef
who and conditioner I used the Moroccan
oil into and I like that and then I saw
someone else post that they like stop at
my cat ones to come up and say hi again
but yeah so I've been using these I use
the Moroccan oil one first when I had my
bleached hair and I liked it it helped
with the dryness and all that kind of
stuff and then I saw someone say that
they really like this for a hair repair
which I definitely needed and yeah it
says like it has egg white proteins or
whatever and I used it I don't know that
mumbo-jumbo about it I used it I liked
it it worked
I'm not switching after this because
this is what I really really like and I
use the got to be guardian angel to
spray on my hair while it's still coming
down before I got iron it just because
when I went and got my hair cut a long
time ago it was recommended to me by a
hairdresser that I had a lot of like
damage from flat ironing and that her
daughter uses this and apparently it
helps um I guess it works I don't really
I don't know cuz I diet so much it's
hard to tell where I'm getting my damage
from and I don't blow blow dry my hair
at all I just kind of wait for it to get
like all gross looking after I air
drying and then I just bought a flat
iron it so yeah and then the newest
things that I've been using that I'm
trying to do is I got these
strengthening hair vitamin things and
they look like this
and you take one a day I've only taken
like five or six yeah five and I'm just
taking it with my multivitamin and I'm
hoping that'll help with the thickness
they've really thin here too supposed to
make your hair thicker and better and
it's made in Sweden and it's organic
it's called hair volume by yeah hair
volume new Nordic and it has was beard
to me it had a horse tail in it so I was
like an apple extract and just things
that I'm not getting with my
multivitamin so it's like you know what
I'm just gonna try it so so far I can't
really say if it's good or not but
that's what I've been using hoping that
it's gonna work I hope it does I've
heard some good things about it I looked
up some reviews online and they were
positive so it was like okay sure I'll
try that so that's what I've been doing
too and then I go I saw this one in the
organic section of my grocery store dr.
Miracle's feel good straight stimulating
moisturizing grow oil no way to grow
without the W and I was like sure
whatever I'll try it I didn't look at
reviews I didn't know it was for African
hair like that's what it's aimed at it
was in that section
but it was also with like argan oil
masks and stuff like that so I didn't
know so I got it and I tried it and it
you're supposed to put like a dab of it
in your hands like kind of like rocket
oil and just like put it there but this
stuff made it so greasy like I'm only
gonna do this once a week because I
can't like leave the house looking like
that like I can't so I'm gonna do like
the hot oil treatment with this but it
did make my head really tingly and like
I think it's the clove oil in it or
something like that but that kind of
freaked me out I was like oh my god my
hair doesn't pull out and then I looked
it up online and like nothing but good
reviews is what I saw like this one lady
said that she got 9 inches in 7 months
so I was like okay you know what I'm
gonna keep this up I'm gonna do it once
a week and maybe I'll make another video
and tell you how went but another thing
that I don't like about it is it stinks
like so bad like you smell horrible when
you wear this so another reason why you
can't go outside for sure you keep like
you just can't um ya know and like my
partner came home I was just like don't
kiss me you don't want to smell this and
you're just like oh no no no no no so
yeah and it gave me a bad dream at my
hair fell out well I had this in my hair
and okay but yeah um yeah so those are
all the things that I've been doing and
so far my hair feels nice after using
this thing like it feels kind of softer
but I don't know like and what's weird
is when I bleached my hair I kind of
just like put a tint back to my normal
like strawberry blonde red color and
then I just like never fade it again and
I was okay and like oh no you can kind
of see a little bit more blonde on the
end but yeah and so I'm trying my best
that's only three months in but like I
still want to clear my hair but I'm not
going to I really want to grow so I hope
these kind of give you some ideas and
that they helped you a bit and
yeah so if if you want me to make
another video you can comment and say
you know whatever and yeah thanks for
watching bye